My friend insisted we go on this tour. Even though everyone online said it was a waste of time. The internet said The entire thing would take four hours. She didn't believe me because she read online It would only take 30 minutes. But truly this experience took four hours. We bought our tickets in advance and we waited an hour and a half to get on the ferry. There were multiple moms pushing and shoving in line; and I witness multiple arguments between moms. My friend and I also got into an argument because of how much I hated this experience. The food on the island was very overpriced. Save yourself the hassle. Book a ferry that just drives by the statue. I had suggested to my friend a dinner cruise. Then you could eat a meal while looking at the statue. None of those ideas appealed to her.

Don't expect your reserved time to mean anything. Stand in line to stand in line to be SCREAMED at by TSA rejects at security line. We were in line an hour and a half after our reserved time. Statue is nice. Ferry is fine. Cost is low. But this is the quintessential tourist activity where you are treated like crap.

This is a total nightmare! Had a family day and tix purchased a month ago only to arrive and find out that the line was the entire length of battery park. Your ticket doesn't guarantee timed entry which means you get to wait an hour+ according to the employee we spoke to at castle Clinton. I've lived here over twenty years and never seen it this bad. We didn't even wait and of course there is no refund.

Every American should go to the Statue of Liberty / Ellis Island at least once. The is so much history. The problem is there is only one Ferry Company and while the ferries themselves aren't bad, but the whole boarding process is a disaster. I've never had a ferry ride where you have a ticket for a certain time and have to wait an hour and a half to board. You have to wait in the hot sun, with no shade. I get in this day and age the need for airport level security. But there needs to be a better way. If you have a ticket at 11:00am, boarding the ferry at 12:30 is too long a wait, especially with small children. Unfortunately Statue Cruises (Operated By Hornblower) is the only game in town so you don't have a choice.

One and a half hour wait to get on the ferry. Even though we had a ticket for the 11am ferry, we didn't get on the ferry till 12:30.

Shocking this gets high marks . Logistics seem borderline hazardous. Buying a timed ticket earns the privilege of fighting through a loosely structured queue to get on a ship. We stood in sun with no bathroom access for over an hour. Don't care how famous this is, no way would I recommend this to anyone .

Awesome experience with Lady Liberty and Ellis Island but my god HORRIBLE ferry service. We went to the statue at 1:30 and Ellis island at 3:30 and we are still waiting in line at 6:00pm at the moment. This is absolutely absurd. Waste a vacation day of waiting in line just to get on the ferry back to Manhattan. There is only one ferry going back and forth and it really kills what you experience from the two islands. Horrible and not worth it.

wait time was extremely long, why would they sell so many tickets when there is clearly way too many people

Could've been bigger. Not much to see. I was expected large, big, x large sizing it was so small I thought I needed perscription glasses. Why would I swim to this when its so small. They could've added extra inches I would've been happier. I was so disappointed when I saw this. I didn't even need to look up. Size over matter. SHnaww never coming back unless y'all gonna build more if y'all were so crafty to build this in 1886 you should have no issue making it live to the LARGE expectations. Potenianlly coming back in 10 years If some inches r added. You really spent time and money on adding a restaurant and couldn't add length. whoever built this needs to be fire or never on a construction site again or ever in my sight cause I may throw hands. why I gotta travel boat to get there I mean u can't see much from afar since its so small. but so extra with water travel like build a road. After you build more of this statue to my likely. This is build is also boring. im bored help. its so small I don't even think u can call this a statue. I feel personally victimized because I've been lied to. if you really spent ur time to come here ur either 80 years old or gave up in life. the photos on google are better then the little green thing in person. thanks.

small

I'm a local, native New Yorker who has come to the SOL on various school and scout trips from the time I was a kid, but my 8 born and bred NYC had never been, so we decided to spend a day playing tourist in our city.

There's still a pandemic, with a new, highly contagious variant causing numbers to rise in NY, but you'd never know it at the SOL and the ferry to get there. Zero social distancing - the ferry staff actually force the crowd to move up and corralled us like livestock while waiting for the return ferry. It felt very unsafe, and mask usage was nonexistent and not enforced by park, museum, or ferry staff. We skipped Ellis Island because it just didn't feel safe to do anything else indoors with such lax enforcement.

Wait until the COVID crisis is truly over before venturing to the SOL, unless you like to play Russian Roulette with your health.

The boat ride over is fine and the island is lovely but the employees are really rude I tried to sit down at a table and a man started yelling at me and I couldn't understand and a word he was saying and I said why can't I sit here and keep keep yelling at me and he finally yells he's sweeping and I can understand that but nothing else he said was understandable so I move and then a lady who works here walks by and says to him something about the guests are fucking annoying and he says yes they're fucking annoying.

The view of Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island is amazing. However, my overall experience is bad. First, there were rude people and the price to go to Statue of Liberty is way too expensive. The boat ride wasn't so pleasant and it's pretty crowded. It keep leaning on the other side which caused us to lose balance and fall to the other side. Also, there are way too many people on Statue and Ellis Island, making it impossible to enjoy and taking a good picture.

The signs at this place are completely wrong , and lack of explanation where is actually departure . We bought tickets for 1 pm, and came at 12.00 and we couldn't make it on time . And had to wait until 2.15 pm. And actually we had no extra time .
Very disappointed. Not coming here anymore . Shame on you one star because of service .

The state of the park and the customer service is egregiously bad. No signage, no attendant and barely any available information.

We booked our tickets at 11 am, and arrived earlier for the check-in process.

Like many who are here, we are tourists, and could not figure out where to go. Our driver also did not know where to take us.

When we arrived, the ferry had taken off, before the scheduled time. Many other guests were also confused and frustrated.

This is an absolute embarrassment for the park and an utter disregard for people's time.  

If the park cannot offer a dignified and organized service to their guests, then they should remain closed.

It's cool and all but the smell is so bad. This place is so smelly I thought I was gonna die because of the smell. If I had no nose it would've been WAAYY better. It stunk so bad.

Trika R.
The statue is beautiful but this is the worse National Park I've ever been too, every single employee is rude to paying customers. The airport style security is the worse, one snatches an empty bin out of my hands and tells me in a condescending attitude she needs the empty ones. My husband moved over to a shorter line and the employee grabs me and pulls me away from him and will not allow me in the same line , I'm not threatening we were quite and stayed to ourself and the way she grabbed and yanked me was uncalled for. While entering the statue we showed the employee the tickets to go in and she sees me holding a backpack on the way in and tells me I can't take it in, I got it. Than she tells me in the nastiest voice if I understand her 3 times. Yea I can read and hear you.

Rude employees after one another here, the DC National Park employees are very accommodating. The ones here take the little authority they have and abuse their power and make the experience and memories with family horrible.

Book store clerk was so unhelpful and useless! She never helped with explanations about Cancelation corner and another souvenir store! Bad bad service

The ferry service in battery park was extremely poorly managed. The total wait was more than 1.5 hours. The facility did not have enough people to manage the line outside, did not have enough signs to tell people what to do, people were very rude (not sure if this was typical New York culture) and it was a total mess.


Okay, as an enduring symbol of America and as a beautiful landmark in the New York skyline, she's great. But the tour was the most miserable experience of my trip to New York, and the biggest ever waste.

We had reservations for the ferry, but still had to wait in line for almost an hour in 20 degree weather. We got into the ferry terminal, and there was an airport-style screening process. So we're all still freezing from the weather outside, we had to take off our shoes and all that, then a cramped boat ride, standing in line to get off, then more lines at the statue. Then came the most intenese security screen I've ever had and I've had secret clearance. We had to walk into this booth that shoots air at you and analyzes it for particles of explosive. I have SECRET CLEARANCE! Don't make me do that shit. My hangover was killing me by this point.

And this was all to wait in another line to go take a ten minute tour with Ranger Dan. We couldn't walk up the inside of the statue. If someone was to blow it up, wouldn't the base be the best place to be anyway? And we were so close to it that it just looked like a green wall.

I was so pissed off. If I hadn't been able to hang out in the wheelhouse of the ferryboat with my East Coast union brothers and ditch the fam for a while, I'd probably have kicked some little tourist kid with chapped lips off the boat.

True NYer here born and raised. I went recently to take family who were visiting. Unfortunately I am currently disabled and require a wheelchair when walking long distances. Here is what I found happens when a person with disabilities tries to enjoy the trip.

From the NJ side:

1. NO where is It stated that at Liberty state park there is free parking for those with accessibility needs and the proper parking placard. I went into the paid parking and asked them for the nearest spot because I had accessibility needs. I was directed to the nearest spot in their lot and they took my $$$.

However, I still had to walk over 2 blocks to get near the ferry. What he failed to tell me was that if I went to the next Parking lot I would have accesible parking and it was FREE!

2. There are NO wheelchairs until you get to the Statue of Liberty island. Even then you have to walk over to the information centre. I mean, wow!!! They should have those wheelchairs when you buy your ticket so you can enjoy the entire way to the island with it having to worry about your inability to walk well.

3. The ferry has no care for those with disabilities. They didn't even allow me to get on first so I could sit down. You wait in line like everyone else. It wasn't until we were leaving the SoL island that they decided it was the right thing to do.

4. Accessibility barriers are a real problem at this place!

	
Worst place I visited in NYC. Rude employees, long lines, and crappy security. Def not worth the time or the money.

Don't bring your drone with you. I wasn't going to fly it obviously but I was walking around town with it.


The staff in either the screening facility and the onboard office in the island were very rude. They close the access early even when they told us to run through the getaway. We had to wait 15 more minutes to get into the boat and the weather was really cold.

La garita climatizada y nosotros fuera con niños pequeños.

To be able to go inside, you have to purchase tickets 3 to 6 month in advance. Otherwise you can only walk around in a circle and look up at the statue from the outside.

Pretty bad.

They need to figure out something else that actually works as far as the lines waiting for the ferries. And the ferry times could be a little more frequent.

Friend (from out of town) and I (NYC resident) both came here for our first time. We got off the boat & I immediately got back on line for the next ferry. She was able to roam the island for a good 45 mins before she got in line with me. Then we were in line together for another good 20 minutes.

And this was during the last week of August where the entire city was completely barren with 90% of residents either on vacation or... certainly not sight-seeing.

Not really worth it.

Never Again - although I think the statue is beautiful, it's not worth the bull sh*t that you have to deal with to get there.
I understand that in this day and age of global terrorism you need to be searched..... but 3 separate times?!?!
Search One: To get on the ferry to the Island.
Search Two: To go into the statue
Search Three: Ellis Island - And the lines are FROM HELL!!!!
Not to mention the workers doing the searches aren't exactly NY's finest citizens....
( H.S. Diploma is definitely NOT neccesary for employment )
They kept fingering my watch with their filthy paws - YUCK!!!
And why the F**K do you have to take off your watch anyway????
Do yourself a favor - take a picture from Manhattan and do something better with your day.

A completely, utterly horrifying experience. One that I couldn't recommend even to my enemies.

We paid for our tickets in advance, believing (because the official web page told us so) that we would skip an estimated 2 hour waiting line.
When we arrived we were directed to a line were we should pick up our tickets (even though we had them on our phones). We asked if it was necessary and were told it was. The line besides us was much longer, so it was ok. We waited maybe 10 min. to get the tickets.

Then, we walk down to the pier. Here, fences form 4 different lines where we are "cattled" in by a yelling, whistling officer. He was shouting and whistling, "GO THERE" "FASTER", "COME ON NOW" etc. etc. The waiting line, which is outside, in the cold, took almost 2 HOURS, even though we had prepaid tickets. What was the line for, you might ask? Well, a complete security check like when flying in an aircraft. Come on!

This whole "thing" completely eliminates the joy of the experience. The statue is beautiful an all, but it is impossible to enjoy anything after being treated like cattle for 2 straight hours beforehand.

If you enjoy waiting in line for 3 hours, getting on a boat, looking at a statue, and then waiting another 3 hours to get on a boat you would give it 5 stars but I didn't think it was fun.

Was extremely saddened at the extreme disorganization, lack of handicapped accessibility, and extremely disrespectful teenage staff. With my broken foot and 81 year old mother, my sister showed this young idiot our electronic tickets. He told us to get in line. There were two lines so we got into the shorter line. When we finally got up to the front again, he gleefully told us we had to go back and get into the other line. When my sister complained and explained our disabilities he shrugged and said this isn't my career. Clearly you need better signage and instructions displayed. You need a separate line for those with disabilities. Most of all you need to train your staff to give a crap, give correct instructions and be respectful to their customers whether this is a summer job or not

Let me save you lots of time and some money as well. Take a subway or walk to Battery Park. Sit on the bench. Look ove at the Statue of Liberty for as long as it takes to get your fill. It is a waste of time to buy a ticket and wait in the insane lines just to take a ferry, walk around it, take some pictures, then leave. If you could still go up to the top of it, maybe my review would change. There are so many things to do/see in NYC. Dont waste your time spending an entire morning/afternoon doing this. Its less impressive in person, too. The ferry is the best part just because of the view of the island you get.

	

I wish i had known i had to buy crown/pedestal tickets in advance. Full disclosure. ..years ago i picked the statue of liberty as my birthday party destination and it sucked then but at least we got into the statue. My kids were really excited to see the statue but alas, only from a distance. We spent more time on the ferry and in line than we did at statue. Views are great though.

I went with the club and it was so darn hot.The statue was nice.Exspensive.The food was bad.The gift shop sucked . .To get in inside the statue they charged me extra money .Theirs a lot of JERKS and teenagers .And I got sick from being in the sun.DONT GO HERE AND I MEAN IT THEY CHARGE YOU TO MUCH.

This is horrible! Huge lines and super pushy staff. We've been here an hour and haven't got on the boat yet. So far this is just a huge sacrifice to check off the "been there" box. There is NO attempt to make this quicker, smoother, or more pleasant. Quite the contrary, the process is poorly thought out and the employees are jaded, thoughtless, and borderline rude. Seriously, this just sucks.
On the ship now, we'll see how it goes from here.
Liberty Island was a big bust. No tickets for the crown, huge lines for the pedestal, huge lines even to get food in the main restaurant, big lines for the crappy food in the concession stand. Walked around the statue, that was cool, and left.
The lines to get to Ellis Island weren't too bad and we were aboard the ferry in 20 mins or so.
It seems many tourists don't get off at Ellis Island, silly them! This was the best part of the tour, fascinating and very well done! The exhibits were plentiful and varied, from major rooms just on the history of American immigration to specific exhibits (the entire second floor) on the Ellis Island experience itself. The audioguide was very good.
In conclusion, this entire tour was BARELY worth the hassle to check the box on visiting the Statue and having a great experience at Ellis Island. We will NEVER do this tour again and it has become a running joke for our trip about bad organization, huge, disorganized lines, gigantic crowds, and overall unpleasantness.
Two final notes: I understand that the tour can be much more crowded in the summer. I cannot imagine that. Also, we did the Circle Line tour. That involved boats and lines too but was done extremely well and stands as a sharp contrast and rebuke to the Park Service's poorly run cattle drive of an experience.

Hi Friends,

Last week I have booked tickets for 3 adults thru online to visit statue of liberty. But I have not realized that there are 2 different websites that allow the booking. One is statueoflibertytickets.c... and another is statuecruises.com. The first one charges you $25 per head just for ferry + Ellis/Liberty icelands entry. Where as the statuecruises.com charges only $18 for the same service. So, I have ended up spending 21 bucks for no reason since I just picked the statueoflibertytickets.c....

I have sent an email asking for any extra service they provide for the $7 they charged. They just replied it is a reservation fee. But I got to tell, the response from them pretty quick, they might provide some other services better.

So my suggestion is use ONLY statuecruises.com for booking tickets to statue of liberty for any kind of ticket pedestal/crown.

I love history and all but it was a sad experience. The statue is beautiful and wonderful but the whole process is terrible. First it truly is airport style security. You need to clear out your pockets, take off belts, watches and etc. The worker are extremely lazy with the except of a few. They are deceiving as well. Was told we had enough time to make the ferry, upon arriving at the gate before the departure time they didnt not allow us to get on. Afterward the attendant told us the next ferry is in 15mins. To our surprise the ferry did arrive in fifteen mins however it wasnt departing for another 45. Making us wait a full hour just for it to leave the terminal. If we would have know this we would taken our time to walk around but was instead advise to wait. Was unhappy with the whole experience

My family and I bought tickets to visit the Statue of Liberty on Black Friday. We arrived at the ferry dock just after noon. After standing in line for about an hour, the boat arrived at the dock and the passengers debarked. That took about 30 minutes, but it seemed a lot longer. Then another 30 minutes passed. By this time, the line waiting to board was so long, we couldn't see the end of it. I asked one of the ferry employees when we would be boarding. She said the boat was being cleaned and it would be another "5-6 minutes". At least another 20 minutes went by and we still had not boarded. Then we were told by a different employee that our boat had broken down and we'd have to wait for another boat. Why that wasn't announced sooner, I'll never know. We were told we'd be able to board in "15-20 minutes", but given our experience, we knew that wasn't even remotely possible. We decided not to wait for what surely would have been another hour or more and left DISGUSTED. The general attitude of the employees we spoke to was basically "I just work here and couldn't care less!". The Stature of Liberty is one of the most popular tourist attractions in NY, but the company responsible for the ferries is INCOMPETENT.

The first time I had gone to the Statue, the lines were miserable on a hot summer's day. That was my only complaint. This time, the security people were rude as all get out. My bra clasp set off the metal detector. Cue me being shoved aside, gone over with the metal detecting wand, my expensive jewelry being thrown about, my bag being ripped apart searching for weapons. Yeah. Because a small redheaded girl screams terrorist. I was shouted at by multiple security guards as well. Then, no apology. Just told to get my bag and jewelry and leave. Here's a word of advice. Don't bother going here. Just get a nice view from a free ferry.

Lines. Lines. MORE LINES. Security everywhere - (THREE security screens involviing removing all metal, including belts and coins). Ungodly crowds. Each Ferry holds about 700 people - and they pack them to the point of being scary (especially when the ships start listing from everybody pouring to one side to get the F**** off that ship of fools). Screaming babies, cranky children, lines, lines, lines ... it was the worst tourist experience I've ever endured. And once you get there? More lines. Lines for the elevator - or climb. I chose to climb. And when I got to the top of the pedestal, it was so jammed with people you couldn't step out. A horror. A waste. The National Park Service has once again failed miserably, and the concessionaire (Hornblower Cruises) should be ashamed of themselves for the way they are running this concession. Shameless pandering. Oh and by the way, I'm as serious as a heart attack about the listing vessels. I was DEEPLY concerned the ferry was going to tip over and hundreds would end up dead. I could see it happening VERY easily. So upset about this I'm going to be talking to government officials to check the safety practices of Hornblower.

Okay, as an enduring symbol of America and as a beautiful landmark in the New York skyline, she's great.  But the tour was the most miserable experience of my trip to New York, and the biggest ever waste.

We had reservations for the ferry, but still had to wait in line for almost an hour in 20 degree weather.  We got into the ferry terminal, and there was an airport-style screening process.  So we're all still freezing from the weather outside, we had to take off our shoes and all that, then a cramped boat ride, standing in line to get off, then more lines at the statue.  Then came the most intenese security screen I've ever had and I've had secret clearance.  We had to walk into this booth that shoots air at you and analyzes it for particles of explosive.  I have SECRET CLEARANCE!  Don't make me do that shit.  My hangover was killing me by this point.

And this was all to wait in another line to go take a ten minute tour with Ranger Dan.  We couldn't walk up the inside of the statue.  If someone was to blow it up, wouldn't the base be the best place to be anyway?  And we were so close to it that it just looked like a green wall.

I was so pissed off.  If I hadn't been able to hang out in the wheelhouse of the ferryboat with my East Coast union brothers and ditch the fam for a while, I'd probably have kicked some little tourist kid with chapped lips off the boat.

Let me save you lots of time and some money as well. Take a subway or walk to Battery Park. Sit on the bench. Look ove at the Statue of Liberty for as long as it takes to get your fill. It is a waste of time to buy a ticket and wait in the insane lines just to take a ferry, walk around it, take some pictures, then leave. If you could still go up to the top of it, maybe my review would change. There are so many things to do/see in NYC. Dont waste your time spending an entire morning/afternoon doing this. Its less impressive in person, too. The ferry is the best part just because of the view of the island you get.

Never Again - although I think the statue is beautiful, it's not worth the bull sh*t that you have to deal with to get there.
I understand that in this day and age of global terrorism you need to be searched..... but 3 separate times?!?!
Search One: To get on the ferry to the Island.
Search Two:  To go into the statue
Search Three:  Ellis Island   -  And the lines are FROM HELL!!!!
Not to mention the workers doing the search aren't exactly NY's finest citizens....
( H.S. Diploma is definitely NOT neccesary for employment )
They kept fingering my watch with their filthy paws - YUCK!!!
And why do you have to take off your watch anyway???
Do yourself a favor - take a picture from Manhattan and do something better with your day.

Two thumbs down. This is the worst freedom monument I have experienced. An eyesore with no aesthetic value. Of debatable social value. Every time I eat here I immediately have to

Do not call the customer service number 1.877-LADYTIX (877-523-9849). You will be wasting your time unless rudeness is your thing. Welcome to New York.

A completely, utterly horrifying experience. One that I couldn't recommend even to my enemies.

We paid for our tickets in advance, believing (because the official web page told us so) that we would skip an estimated 2 hour waiting line.
When we arrived we were directed to a line were we should pick up our tickets (even though we had them on our phones). We asked if it was necessary and were told it was. The line besides us was much longer, so it was ok. We waited maybe 10 min. to get the tickets.

Then, we walk down to the pier. Here, fences form 4 different lines where we are "cattled" in by a yelling, whistling officer. He was shouting and whistling, "GO THERE" "FASTER", "COME ON NOW" etc. etc. The waiting line, which is outside, in the cold, took almost 2 HOURS, even though we had prepaid tickets. What was the line for, you might ask? Well, a complete security check like when flying in an aircraft. Come on!

This whole "thing" completely eliminates the joy of the experience. The statue is beautiful an all, but it is impossible to enjoy anything after being treated like cattle for 2 straight hours beforehand.

I love history and all but it was a sad experience.  The statue is beautiful and wonderful but the whole process is terrible. First it truly is airport style security. You need to clear out your pockets, take off belts, watches and etc. The worker are extremely lazy with the except of a few. They are deceiving as well. Was told we had enough time to make the ferry, upon arriving at the gate before the departure time they didnt not allow us to get on. Afterward the attendant told us the next ferry is in 15mins. To our surprise the ferry did arrive in fifteen mins however it wasnt departing for another 45. Making us wait a full hour just for it to leave the terminal. If we would have know this we would taken our time to walk around but was instead advise to wait. Was unhappy with the whole experience

Hi Friends,

Last week I have booked tickets for 3 adults thru online to visit statue of liberty. But I have not realized that there are 2 different websites that allow the booking. One is statueoflibertytickets.c... and another is statuecruises.com. The first one charges you $25 per head just for ferry + Ellis/Liberty icelands entry. Where as the statuecruises.com charges only $18 for the same service. So, I have ended up spending 21 bucks for no reason since I just picked the statueoflibertytickets.c....

I have sent an email asking for any extra service they provide for the $7 they charged. They just replied it is a reservation fee. But I got to tell, the response from them pretty quick, they might provide some other services better.

So my suggestion is use ONLY  statuecruises.com for booking tickets to statue of liberty for any kind of ticket pedestal/crown.

I wish i had known i had to buy crown/pedestal tickets in advance.   Full disclosure. ..years ago i picked the statue of liberty as my birthday party destination and it sucked then but at least  we got into the statue.  My kids were really excited to see the statue but alas, only from a distance.  We spent more time on the ferry and in line than we did at statue.  Views are great though.



Poor service. Bought tickets for the 12noon ride. Arrived 11:45am. Passed through security. After all the hassle, the ferry wasn't there. No people to assist or provide info.

Plus no signs whatsoever.

Muddy walkway heading to the security facility. Cmon.


The statue is beautiful but this is the worse National Park I've ever been too, every single employee is rude to paying customers. The airport style security is the worse, one snatches an empty bin out of my hands and tells me in a condescending attitude she needs the empty ones. My husband moved over to a shorter line and the employee grabs me and pulls me away from him and will not allow me in the same line   , I'm not threatening we were quite and stayed to ourself and the way she grabbed and yanked me was uncalled for. While entering the statue we showed the employee the tickets to go in and she sees me holding a backpack on the way in and tells me I can't take it in, I got it. Than she tells me in the nastiest voice if I understand her 3 times. Yea I can read and hear you.

Rude employees after one another here, the DC National Park employees are very accommodating. The ones here take the little authority they have and abuse their power and make the experience and memories with family horrible.


Hmmm, as a visiter to New York City, if I were to sum up my experience at the Statue of Liberty I would say "disappointing".

At first I was excited to see it.  I mean, it's one of the most popular figures in America!  And of course, I couldn't go to New York City without seeing it, right?  So I went and...

First off, the wait in line was long (almost two hours...?) but I figured that was to be expected, in was summertime.  Then came the security check.  Oh boy.  "Take that off!  Put that over there!  Let me see what you have in that transparent bag!".  It was, like stated before, worse than an airport.  Then the boat ride to the Statue.  Got a little sea sick.  Lots of swaying.  Then we actually got to the Statue.  Weren't allowed to go in.  So I got to look at it...up close.  And take pictures by it.  Then I went back on the boat.  Sea sick.  The end.

Disappointment.


I feel like an ex-patriot and will probably be detained under some random "Patriot Act" alert for less than 4 stars, but let's be real.  In full disclosure this is far better than any gift I've ever received from the French.

As a proud American I wanted to love this, but was grossly underwhelmed.  The wait was almost 2 hours and you are flogged with pan-handlers and people selling crappy tourist stuff.  The ride to the island and the view from the island are why I can give this place any stars at all.

Old Lady Liberty is just that...old.  It was actually kind of sad seeing her shed part of her exterior layer.  I guess it is just really hard to see an aged landmark that has scaffolding on it.  We want to remember her in the majestic glory standing for all she stands for.

It's almost a must when you travel to NYC your first time so friends and family don't think your a terrorist, but be prepared to kill 1/2 of a day.  Major bummer -- lack of access to get in her noggin and view the city after the time consuming trek to the nearby island..

well, to be honest, it is nice to look at for a bit, but personally i don't think that it is worth the very long wait to just get in, then once you are in you have another slow walk up the stairs with the other hundreds of people..

not something i would do again. has to be a well ive done it once thing!


Unfortunately the only way to set foot on this island involves Statue Cruises. They will sell you a $$$$ afternoon combo ticket for Liberty and Ellis Islands even though it is not technically possible to see both with their very limited afternoon ferry schedule and horrific security lines, combined with ferry crew that gives misinformation on the ferry schedule.  You can see the statue from the Staten Island Ferry for free. It is interesting to see the innards of the statue, but not worth the time and cost unless you have gobs of time and don't care about the cost.  The museum is not that interesting. The view from the pedestal is nice, but not that different than from the boat. I don't think it's worth getting crown tickets--mind you, the windows up there are the size of your hand. Ellis Island is better and if you are more interested in seeing Ellis than Liberty, go to Ellis first or make sure you leave before 10 am. We had 10am boat tickets and half our group got separated and never made it to Ellis, which was supposed to be our main objective and the reason we threw over $100 at these tickets. Customer service never replied to emails and overall the boat service and their staff were a horrible rip off and give NYers a bad name.


I feel kinda wierd rating something like this, but in reviewing the experiences I had on my first trip to NYC, visiting the Statue of Liberty was at the top of my "to-do" list... and now having done so, I tend to think the whole thing doesn't live up to the hype.

The statue itself is huge, and amazing to see up close... but it took me all of 20 minutes to see all there was to see on Liberty Island and take enough pictures to fill several album pages.... Leading UP to that, I'd spent 2 hours in line just to BOARD the ferry over (even though I'd gotten to the park almost 40 minutes before the tours even started). Lines were long, crowds were big, and I was a little annoyed that I'd waited SO long in line just to spend 10 minutes on a ferry and another 20 minutes on the island. It didn't seem worth it.

In short, if you've never been to NYC, then you have to go to the Statue of Liberty - but if crunched for time, save yourself the trouble of waiting in line and just hop another boat and take pics with the statue from the bay - you'll still get a great view, minus the crowds and hours waiting in line. For me, this was a so-so experience... I don't regret having gone, but I wouldn't want to revisit this place again.

Work brings me here at least 3x a year (don't ask what it is I do.... lol) and each time, it is dirty, tiring and not really worth the trip.

Whether it's in the dead heat of the summer, or the freezing cold of the winter, the ferry ride is unpleasant, packed and grimey. There are a few options, and some are definitely better than others, but regardless - it's not a ride ANY New Yorker will appreciate.

Once you're on the island, and a few pictures have been snapped, most people/groups move on over to the food court area or the gift shop - which has been renovated and is now quite big and clean.  The bathrooms have also been upgraded and aren't bad (yet).


The price of the tickets is totally worth it, but of course you have to buy them far ahead of time. My rating has mostly to do with the post 9-11 aspects of seeing the island. There is no walking up the spiral staircase inside. You wait in line an hour at LEAST even if you have pre-paid tickets. Forget about going there day-of. I personally would not recommend this trip to anyone, especially if you have bad knees/hips/feet because it is non-stop standing and walking. All of your energy for the trip is wasted standing in the security line. The security people are rude and put you in a fighting mood they are so low-class. PLUS, once you get to the island you have to go through security AGAIN before going onto the pedestal. In fact, don't even bother paying to go on the pedestal. Positives: Food on the island is surprisingly good. I am NOT saying the statue is any less cool, THE STATUE IS COOL. Just not necessary to go onto the pedestal and I would not bother with going to Liberty Island. I am saying that if I had known what a pain it was going to be, I would have taken a boat that passes near it. I'm glad I went, but won't go again, or I would just do the Island and no pedestal access.

So let me start by just saying that something has to be pretty bad for me to give it 2 stars. I just wanted to put it out there that every single person I encountered on my way to the island, while on the island and on the way back was beyond rude and unhappy. We took statue cruises which is as far as I know the only way to go and every employee seems not just pained to be there but tries to make the visitors feel the same way they do. I saw a guard harass and yell at a poor older gentleman who didn't speak very good English. It was awful. Yelling at everyone to move it and hurry up. The statue itself is amazing and something not to be missed. The people around her need some HR training.

My family and I were looking forward to seeing one of our country's most recognized landmarks, but unfortunately for use we picked one of the worst days to go.

Let me tell you how this works... When we arrived at the Statue of Liberty, I guess I was expecting a tour of some sort or a book/pamphlet explaining which areas we can go into or pay extra to see and what not. But there was nothing, we were dropped off and sent free to walk around the premises. At first we were a little confused and kinda just stood there twiddling our thumbs until we came to the realization that, "oh I guess we're just suppose to walk around"..

As we did, we were hit with a major down pour, every person's shoes, clothes & belongings were completely drenched. The rain and fog were so bad that we could barely see the statue without getting hit in the eyeballs by millions of rain drops the size of dimes. We had rented my son the audio device to hear the history of the statue, but with the sound of the rain he couldn't hear a thing and the device was getting wet (even though we all had umbrella's).  I'm not blaming the Statue of Liberty by all means; it's actually the service or lack thereof that really frustrated me. Maybe it's my fault for not researching it a little more before we decided to take this little adventure.

The only reason why we still went is because we couldn't get a refund or even a pass to go on a better day. At the end of the tripped we felt robbed of our money and of, a possibly better experience on a brighter day.

Boo on the companies that work together to serve the Statue of Liberty (cruise services, cafeteria, ticket sellers, etc) for not closing down due to bad weather. They should want to give visitors the best experience possible because they never know how far someone has traveled to see this

This was so incredibly painful, but you can have a completely different experience if you book in advance!  We went to the Statue thinking we could just hop on the boat and see the Statue of Liberty.  Wrong.  First, we were told the wait to get on the boat would be about an hour, but what we didn't realize was that the wait would be in a long, long, snaking line, under the hot sun, as we slowly inch-by-inch crawled to the TSA level security that you have to endure before getting on the ferry to the island.  We lasted about 20 minutes and then decided to bail. Luckily, a helpful agent told us that we could use our more expensive tickets on the cheaper ferry that just goes around the Statue.  So we did that instead, and spent an hour on the boat and saw the Statue from a distance (which, frankly, is not a bad way to see a 300 foot statue).  The Statue-by-Ferry ride is about an hour compared to 15 minutes if you actually take a ferry over and disembark (and go through TSA security).  So either book in advance to visit the Statue or buy the cheaper tickets and see New York Harbor.

Don't get me wrong.  I think Lady Liberty is majestic in all her glory, however, considering Ellis Island is closed I think the island around her is a letdown.  They finally reopened the statue itself this past weekend following Sandy damages, but every crown ticket was sold out well over a month ago.  What I didn't realize was that the $17 ticket only allows you to walk around the island and won't allow you to go in the statue.  Since Ellis Island is closed for the rest of this year, $17 only allows you to roam around the vacant island, take pictures, purchase overpriced souvenirs manufactured in third-world countries, eat mediocre food and wait in line under the scorching hot sun for 45 minutes to get back on the ferry going back to NYC.

I would advise going this year only if you have a crown ticket since there's not much to do otherwise.  Quite frankly, general admission is nothing more than a money pit without the option of visiting Ellis Island and it's only $3 less than a crown ticket.  You can get good photos on the Staten Island Ferry, buy statue souvenirs in a ton of stores around the city and eat far better food for much less money at other places. If you can't get a crown ticket this year, you won't miss out on anything.  That is unless you hate missing out on a waste of time.

I realize that what I say here won't stop you from going, but I can at least offer a few warnings.
1. BUY TICKETS ONLINE. If you want to to go on up on the statue, you'll likely have to buy those MONTHS IN ADVANCE.
2. GO EARLY. All we could get were basic tour tickets at 2 p.m. We didn't have to wait in the mile-lone line outside, but there was still a line inside. By the time we got through that, and through security, it was 3 p.m. We only had time to see the statue. No Ellis Island. It was a ripoff. They definitely should change this where people with reservations are moved to the front of the security line so they can make their ferries.
3. BE PREPARED TO WITNESS EVERY FORM OF IDIOT THAT LIVES. People will cut in line, push, scream, yell. You name it. Bring your patience.
If you've gone before (as I had many years ago) I wouldn't mess with it again. We both said we would never go back, except maybe to bring our future children one day. For some real fun, walk around the neighborhoods of the city, explore Little Italy, ice skate in Central Park, find small little museums. This was a very over-rated experience and I wish I had spent our day doing something more memorable.

Seeing the Statue of Liberty is almost a must see. And honestly speaking it is nice that we have seen it. BUT at the time (we bought a ticket in advance via internet) you are in The line for The ferry to and from The Island you are treated like cattle. Every square inch must be used. The employees are trained to get. you on and off the vessel as fast as possible. Their cold look, yelling succeed to feel like you are not a human being anymore. This behaviour spoiled The fun of seeing such special and beautiful Statue.

The Audio tour of Ellis island is awesome and self paced. Make sure you get your tickets before going for the ferry.  Signs are horrible that tell you what the building to get the tickets at looks like but not what're it is.  And the building is nestled behind chain link fences  that makes it super easy to miss.

Con.  Customer service of staff at the ferry is deplorable

Customer suggestion: signage should state where the ticket both is not just what it looks like,  as well have additional signage warning no ticket booth ahead.
Therfore your staff doesn't need to be polite.

Seeing the Statue of Liberty in person is 5 stars ! Ellis Island is a confusing mess and IMHO not worth stopping at . And many, many artifacts are stored away still because of Hurricane Sandy....which was how long ago ? But they don't tell you that or show it in their ticket price....so -1 star. They don't control the people ( foreigners ) who use the puzzled look and language barrier to cut into lines....there is 200 people in a nice formed line how could you possibly think we don't see you walking up 1/2 way and stand there with your family with that puzzled look on your face ?? Somebody went and complained that 50 people went thru all the yellow caution tape and cut in line...they could of cared less.....so - another star. Making people who are handicapped walk so far to board the ferry is stupid in this day and age....so - yet another star. Deal with all of this and go see The Statue of Liberty...she's worth dealing with all the BS

DON'T GO if there's bad weather. We had pedestal access and weren't allowed to even venture outside. We waited in line for 40 minutes only to get to a door that we held open to snap a photo of the skyline. Seriously with all the money this spot makes, how do you not prepare for this kind of weather? Would it be over the top to put a tarp or awning above the pedestal viewing area? The park ranger stated the reason for not allowing full access was concern for safety, yet walking off the ferry to even reach the pedestal was a hazard because the snow and ice hadn't been cleared.
People travel far and wide to see Lady Liberty and a handful of uncaring employees who perform at the bare minimum, can't be bothered to go the extra mile to ensure people enjoy their visit. Of course they don't care- they don't have to try to get your money.
Not to mention all the security checks make you wonder if you're boarding a flight or visiting a national treasure.

Never again, I'm sorry Lady Liberty, you truly are more beautiful in person, but I won't be coming back to see you.

Our fare was included in our city pass, we assumed we wouldn't have to wait in the long line, wrong. We waited in this line longer than we waited at any other NY attraction. The worse part is that you're waiting outside the entire time. It was so painful, my toes literally froze waiting. Wait time was a solid two hours. I'll note we arrived early on a weekday, but it was during the holidays. No option to skip the line, I would have paid if there was.

Waiting in line: While we waited there are a ton of food stands throughout the moving, so if you get hungry, don't sweat it, you'll find something to eat and likely something warm to sip on.

Security: The very worse, so slow, it's the only time you'll be indoors and not outside. It was insanely hot and congested, complete 180 from the waiting in line experience. They make you take everything off, layers and personal items, etc. Just like an airport, but much slower.

Ferry: The ferry is large, but I feel like they pack on way too many people. I felt like we were going to sink at one point. There are about three levels to the ferry, my recommendation is to go to the top and get a good spot for photo-ops. I found that my favorite photos were on the ferry with Lady Liberty in the background. We also got wonderful photos of Brooklyn. You can sit inside of the ferry, but space is limited, so claim a seat early if your body needs rest from standing in line. They also have food onboard, very pricey if you ask me.

Liberty Island: She was charming, I didn't go up to the crown or anything, just seeing her stand there was enough. There are tons of people, but it's an open space, so you'll be okay. They have food and souvenir shops. Food is located inside a big cafeteria-like place, you wait in line and you get your food right away. Typical American food, burgers, hot dogs, fries. Not a lot of healthy options offered here. Pricey food, just like you'd expect at any tourist attraction.

Overall: Waiting in that line really affected my overall experience, it was painful and I never want to put my toes through this type of madness again. I wouldn't do it, but if I really had to, I would just pay for a ferry that takes you to Ellis Island or around the bay and just admire her from afar, it is much more peaceful that way.

Like a few other reviewers the line to get to the Statue were so long, they literally took over 5 minutes to walk to the end.....I estimate 300 or 350 yards long....and probably 2 to 3 hours....just for the tix.  I had a City pass but unlike the Empire State and Met Museum, etc they do not let you jump the line.  I guess coz they r a national park....therefore run by the government. ...therefore inept.

After the line for tix, there is a 45 minute line for security check.....and yes only one boat serves the island.....really???

I went at 11am in early August 2015....I happened to notice that at 3:00 pm there was no line and I believe if u leave it later in the day ....like early afternoon. ...u may not go thru the shear hell we all did.

I'm giving the Statue of Liberty 3 stars not because of the actual structure but rather for the experience of the visit.  The Statue itself is an awesome symbol of what our country is based on.  OK, enough patriotic rhetoric.

So I read up to buy my ferry tickets ahead of time so I could cut down the wait time.  Nice, I got to cut in front of hundreds of people by going straight to the will call line.  Cool, so just go to any ferry right and bypass that long line that goes almost to the other side of the park?  WRONG!  I bypassed one long line but couldn't get around the even longer one to just get on one of the ferries.  Almost two hours in the freezing cold is NOT fun.

So, before we could get to the ferry, we had to pass through a security tent which resembled an airport (metal detectors, air shooting thingee).  Fine, I understand and respect that given 9/11.  Onto the ferry...

Fast forward to freezing ferry and onto the island.  Before you can get into the Statue structure, you must pass through yet another security tent.  Huh?  If you can't get onto the boat to get to the island, why is there a 2nd checkpoint?  What made things worse was the security agent deliberately trying to start drama with us.  When we politely asked why the need for a 2nd check, he asked if it bothered us.  Of course, taking off a ton of winter clothes for a 2nd time, yes.  He then proceeded rant on about how it was for national security and blah blah blah...

Still though, I think everyone should visit the Statue of Liberty once just to experience it.  Do yourself a favor, buy the ferry ticket online and just smile and nod at the power trip security officers while cursing them out in your head.